---
layout: default
title: Home
---

# About Us

\##socialism is a feminist space for discussion and education about socialism,
with an emphasis on the struggles of marginalized communities and people. We
define socialism as democratic control of the economic system by society as a
whole. We define feminism as a collection of movements and ideologies aimed at
eliminating political, economic, and social inequalities between genders
arising from structural oppression and exploitation of those who aren’t men.

Our channel strives to be non-sectarian and open to Marxists, socialists, and
anarchists as well as others curious about leftist ideologies. Fascists,
right-libertarians, and other reactionaries are not welcome. We are friendly to
newcomers, both to the channel and socialist ideology. Off topic conversation
is perfectly fine if it isn’t detracting from ongoing political discussions.
Extended arguments between individual users that impede on other users’ ability
to use the channel should be taken to private messages.

Users that spam our channel, use unnecessary hostility, or engage in/apologize
for racism, sexism, ableism, homophobia, transphobia, genocide, rape, or
pedophilia will be warned, quieted, or banned. Public logging is not allowed
and users found to be doing this will be banned. As we follow a discretionary
moderation model, quiets/bans may be used in situations not described above to
keep our community true to its principles.


# How to Connect

Via IRC client: Simply connect to chat.freenode.net:6697 (SSL) or
chat.freenode.net:6667 and join ##socialism

Via your browser:
https://kiwiirc.com/client/chat.freenode.net:+6697/##socialism


# Beginner's IRC Guide

Web clients like Kiwi IRC are convenient but if you intend to stick around on
IRC it's better in most cases to use an actual IRC client.

For Windows users, check out mIRC and Nettalk. OS X users can try Colloquy and
LimeChat. Colloquy is also available for iOS. Android users should look into
Atomic and HoloIRC. Linux and BSD users should already know some good clients.
Some cross platform clients include HexChat, Irssi, and Chatzilla.

If you intend to be on IRC often it's also recommended to register your
username. On Freenode this is done by entering "/msg NickServ REGISTER password
youremail@example.com" once you have joined using a nick you like.

For security purposes it's recommended to use cloak, which hides your IP
address from other users on Freenode. To do this, after registering your nick,
join #freenode and ask a staff member for a cloak.


Salutes to comrades syzygy and treeship wherever y’all are for helping us build
this channel.
